Update DCP_change_log.md (#3230)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

#### 30 May 2024 - Enhancement - Enable access to more web app folders via Remote Access [ID_39812]

> From now on, if Remote Access to the web apps is enabled, this also allows access to the `/Documents/DMA_COMMON_DOCUMENTS/`, which will make accessing files easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, if Remote Access to the web apps is enabled, this also allows access to the folder `/Documents/DMA_COMMON_DOCUMENTS/`, so that it is possible to access the documents available in Cube.
```
